Maternity Leave
Detailed Maternity Leave
Adoption Leave for women
Surrogacy Leave for women
Extended Maternity Leave
Detailed Adoption Leave
Detailed Surrogacy Leave
Sick Leave
How many sick Leaves am I eligible for
How many sick leaves can I take
Tell me about sick leave.
Give me details of sick leave
Do you know about sick leave
What is the leave policy regarding sick leave 
Detailed Sick Leave
Special Sick Leave
Encashment of sick leave
Detailed Extended Maternity leave
Paternity Leave
Adoption leave for men
Surrogacy leave for men
Detailed Paternity Leave
Marriage Leave
Sabbatical Leave
Detailed Sabbatical Leave
Relocation Leave
Compassionate Leave
Higher Education Leave
Workplace Accident Leave
PMS for ML & EML
Process of application:
Leave on Account of “Bandh”
Leave Balance in case of Deputation
Compensatory Leaves for weekly off
Compensatory Leaves for Holidays
Public Holidays
E muster
Procedure for availing Leave
Hi
Hello
Hey
Good morning
Good afternoon
Namaste
leave policy
Annual Leave
How many annual Leaves am I eligible for
How many annual leaves can I take
I want annual leave for 10 days.
Tell me about annual leave.
Give me details of annual leave
No. of annual leaves
Number of annual leaves
Do you know about annual leave
What is the leave policy regarding annual leave 
Can I take annual leave for 4 weeks
Encashment of Annual Leave
Can I take sick leave for 4 weeks
No. of sick leaves
Number of sick leaves
1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Details for Sl. Type of benefit 1.1 Mediclaim scheme  for hospitalization - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Applicable to for Sl. Type of benefit 1.1 Mediclaim scheme  for hospitalization - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Details for Sl. Type of benefit 1.2 Mediclaim TopUp Cover - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Applicable to for Sl. Type of benefit 1.2 Mediclaim TopUp Cover - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Details for Sl. Type of benefit 1.3 Medical  Fund Scheme - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Applicable to for Sl. Type of benefit 1.3 Medical  Fund Scheme - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Details for Sl. Type of benefit 1.4 Medical Advance  in case  of hospitalization - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Applicable to for Sl. Type of benefit 1.4 Medical Advance  in case  of hospitalization - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Details for Sl. Type of benefit 1.5 OPD facilities - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Applicable to for Sl. Type of benefit 1.5 OPD facilities - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
2. Details of health and wellness Scheme:
The Applicable to for Sl. Type of benefit - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Details for Sl. Type of benefit 1.6 Disbursement of  medicines for  chronic illness - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Applicable to for Sl. Type of benefit 1.6 Disbursement of  medicines for  chronic illness - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Details for Sl. Type of benefit 1.7 Executive Health  Checkup ('EHC') - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Applicable to for Sl. Type of benefit 1.7 Executive Health  Checkup ('EHC') - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Details for Sl. Type of benefit 1.8 Voluntary  OPD Scheme V-OPD - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
The Applicable to for Sl. Type of benefit 1.8 Voluntary  OPD Scheme V-OPD - 1. Summary of health and wellness benefits applicable to officers
a. Coverage and premium
The Premium for Members Covered Officer, Spouse and 2 dependent children (less than 22 years of age) - a. Coverage and premium
The Premium for Members Covered (i) 3rd, 4th child (less than 22 years of age) (ii) Either set of dependent parents or parents-in-law - a. Coverage and premium
The Premium for Members Covered Children who are 22 years of age or above but below 25 years of age, provided they are dependent and are unmarried - a. Coverage and premium
The Premium for Members Covered Officers' children with special needs (as approved by CMO) who are 25 years of age or above and are dependent - a. Coverage and premium
The Premium for Members Covered Handicapped / disabled siblings (brother/sister) provided they fulfill all the below criteria:
The Premium for Members Covered Siblings (brother/sister) of unmarried officers provided they are dependent on the officer and both parents are deceased - a. Coverage and premium
2.2 Mediclaim Top- up cover
f. Enrollment: - a. Coverage and premium
g. Procedure: - a. Coverage and premium
Cashless: - a. Coverage and premium
Reimbursement: - a. Coverage and premium
h. Option  of  continuation  of  scheme  after  retirement:
2.3 Medical Fund Scheme
2.4 Monetary Advance in case of hospitalization
The Number of months for Amount to be recovered Less than 4 times of Basic Salary - 2.4 Monetary Advance in case of hospitalization
The Number of months for Amount to be recovered 4 times - 6 times of Basic Salary - 2.4 Monetary Advance in case of hospitalization
The Number of months for Amount to be recovered More than 6 times of Basic Salary (where sum insured is higher than 6 times of basic salary) - 2.4 Monetary Advance in case of hospitalization
2.5 OPD (Outdoor Patient department) facilities:
2.6 Voluntary OPD (Outdoor Patient department) Scheme – V-OPD Scheme:
The Overall OPD claim entitlement (Rs) for Premium (Rs) 15000 - 2.6 Voluntary OPD (Outdoor Patient department) Scheme – V-OPD Scheme:
The Annual benefit to Employee  (Rs) for Premium (Rs) 15000 - 2.6 Voluntary OPD (Outdoor Patient department) Scheme – V-OPD Scheme:
The Overall OPD claim entitlement (Rs) for Premium (Rs) 10000 - 2.6 Voluntary OPD (Outdoor Patient department) Scheme – V-OPD Scheme:
The Annual benefit to Employee  (Rs) for Premium (Rs) 10000 - 2.6 Voluntary OPD (Outdoor Patient department) Scheme – V-OPD Scheme:
The Overall OPD claim entitlement (Rs) for Premium (Rs) 5000 - 2.6 Voluntary OPD (Outdoor Patient department) Scheme – V-OPD Scheme:
The Annual benefit to Employee  (Rs) for Premium (Rs) 5000 - 2.6 Voluntary OPD (Outdoor Patient department) Scheme – V-OPD Scheme:
a. Illnesses covered:
d. Procedure: - 2.7 Disbursement of medicines for chronic illness
The Applicability for Sl Illness Covered 1 Hypertension - 2.7 Disbursement of medicines for chronic illness
The Applicability for Sl Illness Covered 2 Diabetes (Tablets) - 2.7 Disbursement of medicines for chronic illness
The Applicability for Sl Illness Covered 3 Ischemic Heart Disease - 2.7 Disbursement of medicines for chronic illness
The Applicability for Sl Illness Covered 4 Cancer Chemotherapy not admissible under Mediclaim - 2.7 Disbursement of medicines for chronic illness
The Applicability for Sl Illness Covered 5 Immuno- modulating medicines for transplants, etc. - 2.7 Disbursement of medicines for chronic illness
The Applicability for Sl Illness Covered 6 Insulin for Diabetes - 2.7 Disbursement of medicines for chronic illness
The Applicability for Sl Illness Covered 7 Dyslipidemia - 2.7 Disbursement of medicines for chronic illness
The Applicability for Sl Illness Covered 8 TB & Leprosy - 2.7 Disbursement of medicines for chronic illness
The Applicability for Sl Illness Covered 9 Ulcerative Colitis - 2.7 Disbursement of medicines for chronic illness
The Applicability for Sl Illness Covered 10 Epilepsy & Parkinsonism - 2.7 Disbursement of medicines for chronic illness
Statutory EHC: - 2.8 Executive Health Checkup (EHC)
Wellness EHC: - 2.8 Executive Health Checkup (EHC)
3. Roles and Responsibilities
The Frequency for Age Less than 40 years - 2.8 Executive Health Checkup (EHC)
The Frequency for Age 40 – 50 years - 2.8 Executive Health Checkup (EHC)
The Frequency for Age More than 50 years - 2.8 Executive Health Checkup (EHC)
The Frequency for Age As per CMO's advice - 2.8 Executive Health Checkup (EHC)
The Responsibilities for Roles Officers - 3. Roles and Responsibilities
The Responsibilities for Roles Corporate Insurance Team - 3. Roles and Responsibilities
The Responsibilities for Roles SBU HR - 3. Roles and Responsibilities
The Responsibilities for Roles Accounts Team - 3. Roles and Responsibilities
The Responsibilities for Roles Shared Services Payroll team - 3. Roles and Responsibilities
The Responsibilities for Roles Chief Medical Officer - 3. Roles and Responsibilities
The Responsibilities for Roles CHRO - 3. Roles and Responsibilities
REQUISITION FOR MEDICAL ADVANCE
(Name & Signature of the applicant)                                                    (Name & Signature of Cluster / SBU HR Head)
Mediclaim scheme for hospitalization
Detailed mediclaim scheme for hospitalization
Test Q1
Test Q2
